Rails path - React course - Lesson 'Using Ruby On Rails For Your Backend': Restructuring of lesson content to shift focus on key topics (#29746)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: react/react_and_the_backend/using_ruby_on_rails_for_your_backend.md

Are you done? Good. Next, it's time to practice allowing your front end JavaScript to talk to your Rails backend using AJAX (asynchronous HTTP requests to a web server using JavaScript without requiring a full page reload).  We'll cover some best practices for how to pass data from one to another and different ways to integrate React with Rails, but otherwise it's up to you: you've got everything you need to put together those final pieces of the web development puzzle.

### Assignment

<div class="lesson-content__panel" markdown="1">

1. [Check out "Using JavaScript in your Rails App" from Daniel Kehoe](http://railsapps.github.io/rails-javascript-include-external.html). It is long and covers a lot of ground, but it's got great content. Some of the stuff on dependencies can be skimmed, but pay attention to the `content_for` stuff at the bottom.

2. Read thoughtbot's article on ["How to integrate React with Rails 7"](https://thoughtbot.com/blog/how-to-integrate-react-rails) to get an overview of different possibilities.

> 3. Follow the tutorial in ["How to Build a fullstack Rails 7 backend with React Frontend"](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-set-up-a-ruby-on-rails-v7-project-with-a-react-frontend-on-ubuntu-20-04). It demonstrates how to serve React through the Rails asset pipeline, retrieve data from the API layer through an AJAX request using the Fetch API (remember what you learned in the JavaScript lesson ["Working with APIs"](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/javascript-working-with-apis)), and handle the CSRF token in non-GET requests.

Author: ```suggestion
3. Follow the tutorial in ["How to Build a fullstack Rails 7 backend with React Frontend"](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-set-up-a-ruby-on-rails-v7-project-with-a-react-frontend-on-ubuntu-20-04). It demonstrates how to integrate React with Rails via esbuild, retrieve data from the API layer through an AJAX request using the Fetch API (remember what you learned in the JavaScript lesson ["Working with APIs"](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/javascript-working-with-apis)), and handle the CSRF token in non-GET requests.
```

"how to serve React through the Rails asset pipeline" is actually not correct as the article integrates React using esbuild.

> 4. Read [Bootstrapping JSON data into a Rails View](https://web.archive.org/web/20221230234727/https://jfire.io/blog/2012/04/30/how-to-securely-bootstrap-json-in-a-rails-view/) to learn about passing data to your front end.

Author: I agree, since the information contained in the article cannot be applied to applications using React with Rails, the article should be removed from this lesson.

- [Broaden your knowledge about AJAX requests by skimming this article from RailsGuides](https://guides.rubyonrails.org/v6.1/working_with_javascript_in_rails.html)
- [Grabbing your Rails form CSRF token with JavaScript so Rails doesn't yell at you with "Warning, can't verify CSRF token authenticity", via SO](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/7203304/warning-cant-verify-csrf-token-authenticity-rails)
- [... and another SO post on the CSRF token](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/8503447/rails-how-to-add-csrf-protection-to-forms-created-in-javascript)

### Knowledge check

- <a class="knowledge-check-link" href="https://railsapps.github.io/rails-javascript-include-external.html#locations" > How do you load custom JavaScript in a given Rails view page? </a>
- <a class="knowledge-check-link" href="https://railsapps.github.io/rails-javascript-include-external.html#parameters" >How can you pass data from your Rails app to your JavaScript?</a>
- <a class="knowledge-check-link" href="https://thoughtbot.com/blog/how-to-integrate-react-rails" >What possibilities exist to connect a React frontend with a Rails backend?</a>

> - <a class="knowledge-check-link" href="https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-set-up-a-ruby-on-rails-v7-project-with-a-react-frontend-on-ubuntu-20-04#step-3-installing-frontend-dependencies" >How do you integrate React with Rails using the asset pipeline?</a>

Author: ```suggestion
- <a class="knowledge-check-link" href="https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-set-up-a-ruby-on-rails-v7-project-with-a-react-frontend-on-ubuntu-20-04#step-3-installing-frontend-dependencies" >How do you integrate React with Rails using esbuild?</a>
```

As this is linking to the article "How to integrate React with Rails 7” which uses esbuild, the question needs to be udpated.

Reviewer: +1 with this too
